fix: change Typescript to JSDoc in Readme.md (#8851)
sveltejs/svelte: README.md

pnpm dev
```

> The compiler is written in JavaScript with JSDoc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compiler is written in JavaScript and uses [JSDoc](https://jsdoc.app/index.html) comments for type-checking.
```
